Dana - Yoga teacher, Singer, Dj, life coach & Chief Joy officer at Makers Academy

achieved something incredible - turned her passion into something that supports her life.

Feel joy. Easy to get caught up in the doing and miss what is going on around you.

What do you do?
My job is to faciliate the wellbeing of the students and the staff. All aspects , phycical mental emotional and spirtiual if they are seeking it. I facilitate this. I don't actually make anybody happy but I share tools so that you can bring about your own joy.

4.50 : When you are doing things from a place of good feeling - more productive. When people feel good they are dynamite.


Feels like a calling. Really resonate.

She gets happiness from helping other people to feel joy - a perfect set up

registered trade mark - wants to help other comapnies do it. Started uniquely with me.

Modern careers - DJ yoga teacher
Crafted her own career.
Title didn't exist previously

Message of joy and light heartness

Relationship with self v important - we create own realities

Business - realising employee happiness matter

holistic approach
Meditation
yoga
spirituality

I Tackle these things on a mind body and emotional level.
[8.30] From a mind point of view, the Daily mediation I find extremely beneficial. If there is anything I would recommmend to any human being its just 10 minutes a day of meditation. I wouldn't even recommend a lot more becuase life is for the living and there is extreme benefits from just mastering those ten minutes. Then going out there and mixing it up. (It really facilitaes something that I can't put into words - its like the matrix - you have to see if for yourself). It really helps settle the mind to give you this inner peace, this calm, state of awareness so you move through life with a certain clarity. It's indescribable.

Yoga. Like it becuase it also heightens awareness and it gets you in your body wheras must of us are living only in our brains. We aren't very present. The more attention you pay to your actually physical body you bridge that gap between the you that you think you are and the you you really are. You become more rounded and there is a certain stability. Yoga really cultivates that.

Emotional and spiritual standpoint acording to thier asking. I don't assert knowledge on anybody. People feel drawn to have a chat with me they usually have there own idea of how or why- facilitate you to really connect with yourself.  I give people tools with how to do that. And when you see that light go on inside of them - that's amazing. thats joy for me. [11.40]

 Everythign that we experiecne . Everythign that we go through, if you really think about it, its about you and your relationship with yourself. We don't get taught that stuff in school and yet it is the most important relationship that you will ever have. Your perception of the world is determined by that. Eyeballs [12.22] Everything goes through your mind. So have fun - enjoy the ride for goodness sake.

 Relax - it's just life on planet earth. We take ourselfves really seriously but there is nothing serious going on. The most profound things happen to us in a state of play. We are born knowing that . Its' the most natural thing. We start playing and this is how we absorb the world and somewhere along the line it gets trained out of us to stop playing. We start changing ourselves to please others.

 [13.27] Another moto that I have is do what makes you feel good. No one knows you better than you. The more you start to tune into ourself the more you start to trust yourself. Your gut, instinct, intuituon, is always right. You can practise that like you practise anything. Piano, meditation, tai chi, become what i like to call the master of life.

 14.30 I feel like I am experiecing little to large miricales every single day of my life. How can you not feel really really happy and joyful and appreciative. Feeling that way perpetuates more of it. You start to attract more of it and then you get into this high flying cycle - cloud 9ing it all the time. Many people who prioritise there joy - overflowing all the time. Connected to this flow - this oneness - unicorns




[7.0] I'm passionate about feeling good , thats my passion

Proactive approach. Happiness can be cultivated. Not advocating withdrawl from the world. Gratitute & apprecition.
[7.30] Say I want this and you make steps to do it. Like learning anything.

